build.gradle: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/KafkaStreaming.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/examples/MapKStreamJob.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/examples/PrintKStreamJob.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/examples/StatefulKStreamJob.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/internal/ProcessorNode.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/internal/Receiver.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/internal/RecordQueue.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/internal/StreamGroup.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/topology/internal/KStreamBranch.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/topology/internal/KStreamFilter.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/topology/internal/KStreamFlatMap.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/topology/internal/KStreamFlatMapValues.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/topology/internal/KStreamImpl.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/topology/internal/KStreamJoin.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/topology/internal/KStreamMap.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/topology/internal/KStreamMapValues.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/topology/internal/KStreamSource.java: needs merge
stream/src/main/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/topology/internal/KStreamWindowedImpl.java: needs merge
stream/src/test/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/KStreamBranchTest.java: needs merge
stream/src/test/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/KStreamFilterTest.java: needs merge
stream/src/test/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/KStreamFlatMapTest.java: needs merge
stream/src/test/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/KStreamFlatMapValuesTest.java: needs merge
stream/src/test/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/KStreamJoinTest.java: needs merge
stream/src/test/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/KStreamMapTest.java: needs merge
stream/src/test/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/KStreamMapValuesTest.java: needs merge
stream/src/test/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/KStreamSourceTest.java: needs merge
stream/src/test/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/KStreamWindowedTest.java: needs merge
stream/src/test/java/org/apache/kafka/stream/StreamGroupTest.java: needs merge
stream/src/test/java/org/apache/kafka/test/MockKStreamContext.java: needs merge
